fake
Who has the guts to pretend to be Tiandoulong Shuai?
Nobody has the answer.
Unless he was impersonated by the inside of Heaven Dou
The purpose is to keep Long Shuai on the sidelines
Take control
It's really fake
I told you
He looks at the door alone
How could it be Tiandoulong Shuai?
What about that Lianzhen-sama?
Lord Lian Zhen, of course it's true
only
Such a good opportunity to contact Tian Doulong Shuai
You just missed it.
Are you really useless?
The second cousin blamed that phoenix monkey
It's all him, it's all him who has been protecting that kid
I doubt it. I doubt it.
Uh-huh.
I pursue him in every possible way
He was always an iceberg.
I didn't expect to keep a little white face in private?
Really.
I didn't expect it.
Zhao Hao, are you sure that kid is with Hua Qiyue?
Have ulterior concern
That's right, uncle.
You didn't see the phoenix monkey protecting that kid's meat
How arrogant is he?
Uncle, you must not let him go
Although this Flower July is Marquis of Longxia
But it offended my Wang family.
He can't be kind
It seems that I have to ask Uncle Zhong to issue an order
remove him
Save the wise
Hahaha
Initiate father-in-law Yizhang Aizawa
I'll see how you follow me
dick
This time, Tiandoulong Shuai only plans to recruit two people.
Appointed as Heaven Dou God General
rare opportunity
You must grasp
God Dou is not my painter at all
Don't be careless
Your third brother from the frontier will return to the river in a few days
His purpose
It's just running for the God General quota, hahaha.
Huang Shu Ci
I never put him down
I still do.
Baby, when my cousin becomes the general of Heaven Dou Sheng
The resolution of my last governor general
It will be back on the agenda soon
Then you will be the general's wife
I hope there are no more accidents this time.
Don't worry, it's absolutely foolproof this time